Move voice control to own page (#70)
music-assistant/music-assistant.github.io: docs/integration/voice.md

Any reasonable request to play on a device should be understood by the LLM thus there are no mandatory sentences that must be used. 

In some cases it is still advantageous to also setup the `MA Specific Conversation Agent` described below as it provides a more specific prompt for the AI model to use and the LLM will be made aware of and can use this additional functionality. For example, in testing the LLM did not return a good response for `play a list of 5 classic 80's rock tracks` if the `MA Specific Conversation Agent` described in the next section was not configured.

## MA Specific Conversation Agent

> During [Chapter 5 of "Year of the Voice"](https://www.youtube.com/live/djEkgoS5dDQ?si=pt8-qYH3PTpsnOq9&t=3699), [JLo](https://blog.jlpouffier.fr/chatgpt-powered-music-search-engine-on-a-local-voice-assistant/) showed something he had been working on to use the OpenAI integration along with Music Assistant. Note that this originally worked by using custom intents and it was difficult to reliably specify a player or an area for the music to be sent to. For this reason the functionality is built into the MA Integration. This method does not require you to expose your entities to the AI LLM; media player entities only need to be exposed internally to Assist. This Integration only sends to openAI part of the request you make and openAI only responds with a JSON formatted response which is then used locally to initiate playback.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During [Chapter 5 of "Year of the Voice"](https://www.youtube.com/live/djEkgoS5dDQ?si=pt8-qYH3PTpsnOq9&t=3699), [JLo](https://blog.jlpouffier.fr/chatgpt-powered-music-search-engine-on-a-local-voice-assistant/) showed something he had been working on to use the OpenAI integration along with Music Assistant. Note that this originally worked by using custom intents and it was difficult to reliably specify a player or an area for the music to be sent to. For this reason the functionality is built into the MA Integration. This method does not require you to expose your entities to the AI LLM, however, media player entities MUST still be exposed internally to Assist. This Integration only sends to openAI part of the request you make and openAI only responds with a JSON formatted response which is then used locally to initiate playback.  
```
